=head1 NAME

BZ::Client::REST - Bugzilla client for Perl using the RESTful API

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    use BZ::Client::REST;

    my $client = BZ::Client::REST->new(
        {
            user     => $user,
            password => $password,
            url      => $url,
        }
    );

    $id   = $client->create_bug($params);
    $bugs = $client->search_bugs($params);

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This module is an object-oriented interface for Bugzilla's REST api.
It differs from other avaiable options in that it uses the current /rest
endpoint instead of the currently deprecated XML-RPC or JSON-RPC options.

=head2 Methods

=over 3

=item login()

$client->login();

This method triggers the modules to call Bugzilla's login api to generate
a token for later use. It is not necessary to call this method, as it will
be called automatically if a login is needed.

=item search_bugs()

$bugs = $client->search_bugs($params);

This method accepts a hashref of key/value parameters to search on.
Refer to L<http://bugzilla.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api/core/v1/bug.html#search-bugs>
for the valid keys that can be used.

=item create_bug()

$bug_id = $client->create_bug($params);

This method accepts a hashref of key/value parameters to create a new bug with.
Refer to L<http://bugzilla.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api/core/v1/bug.html#create-bugs>
for the valid keys that can be used.

=back

=head1 BUGS

Submit bugs to https://github.com/kylemhall/BZ-Client-REST/issues

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (C) 2018 Kyle M Hall

=head1 LICENSE

This module is licensed using Perl Artistic License

=head1 AUTHOR

Kyle M Hall E<lt>kyle@kylehall.infoE<gt>
L<http://kylehall.info>

=head1 SEE ALSO

REST::Client

